## Meeting Agenda, Jan 23rd 2020

1. **Proposed lesson format changes** (Ahmed - 10-15 min)
 * how do we feel about reducing lesson frequency, making lessons 1.5 hours long, and going more in-depth on various topics? 

2. **Winter 2020 schedule** (10 min)
 * should also reach out to Constant about running Image Processing
 * also discuss other survey feedback here

3. **Peer mentorship initiative** (15-20 min)
 * need to decide on format and timeline
 * last time - discussed starting some sort of mentorship event
 * could tie recruitment to a Carpentries workshop (talk to May about this if the group is in favour?)

4. **Taking stock of a few things that were missed last semester...**
 * Coffee and Code this semester? (likely could be some part of peer mentorship?)
 * Post-lesson feedback survey
 * Creating a resources page on our website for programming courses across depts

4. **SGS Innovation Grant** (Amin)

5. **BME course updates** (Lina)

