## Meeting Minutes, Jan 23rd 2020

Present: Haidy, Frances, Ahmed, Lina, Amin, Margot

Regrets: Elliott, Sara, James

1. **Proposed lesson format changes** (Ahmed - 10-15 min)
 * how do we feel about reducing lesson frequency, making lessons 1.5 hours
   long, and going more in-depth on various topics? consensus: yes!

2. **Winter 2020 schedule** (10 min)

* lesson calendar:
    * Jan 30: social
    * Feb 6: Reproducible Science in RStudio (Frances, Ahmed)
    * Feb 27: Supervised machine learning in Python (Haidy)
        * regression, classification, cross validation
        * mail out intro to python lesson beforehand
    * March 12: Git and continuous integration for reproducible science
        * contact Jesse from IMS - ask him whether he'd prefer the 12th or 26th
    * March 26: Programming and Data Wrangling in R with the Tidyverse (Margot)
    * April 09: LaTeX/Pandoc (Frances, Ahmed)
    * April 23: Image processing (Amin, potentially Constant)
    * April 30: end-of-term social
    * add a midpoint event for peer mentorship - potentially Mar 19/April 2

3. **Peer mentorship initiative** (15-20 min)

* next week - social/kickoff - forms need to be sent out in advance - start of
term social w/ emphasis on peer mentorship + feedback about Coders' direction
    * could gauge how people feel about that
    * send out forms Sunday evening - have them ready before then
* **email all of the execs to ask if they want to be mentors**

things to include in mentor form:

* language of choice
* proficiency in language of choice
* packages used + past experiences, etc
* proficiency in Unix/Git
* are they SWC trained? 
* get GitHub usernames

things to do:

* close off registration by the first lesson - include final reminder in email
  about that workshop
* add disclaimer - will do our best to get a mentor, but it's a bit
  number-dependent
    * if 'too many' mentees - form a working group
* create repo with Code of Conduct, mentor/mentee expectations
* send out form all the same to get feelers out, and if not taking them on,
  have them teach a reg session
* flexibility in events - could allow mentors to hold topic-specific webinars
  that other mentees could attend 
    * could have guest people in webinars, who can't be mentors but still have expertise
    * also allows for industry-type folks to get involved

4. **Taking stock of a few things that were missed last semester...**

 * Post-lesson feedback survey
    * add question about whether they liked the new format (increased time,
      exercises, multiple instructors, etc)
 * Creating a resources page on our website for programming courses across
   depts (Frances)
    * Frances will create a form and acquire course info from all of us
        * separate page on the studyGroup website - Elliott and Lina can help
          coordinate getting on the website

4. **SGS Innovation Grant - $1000** (Amin) 

* Feb 28 deadline
* anything students can do that would lead for education development (?)
* Amin has some preliminary info - will send out to the remainder of exec
    * will send out form responses in ~two weeks to remainder of exec for feedback before submitting
    * Haidy and Margot - can fill in more specific details re: peer mentorship needs

5. **BME course updates** (Lina)

* 120 students!
* inverted structure with web-based lectures
* getting to grips with logistics of running a course this big
* TAs finding ways to make help sessions better run (currently dealing with size issues)

6. **Other business**

* _need to hold another meeting post-first-lesson_ - try to meet the Monday/Tuesday following the 6th (10th-11th)
    * reach out to Margot to make sure the date works - if not then find one around then
    * Ahmed will send out a Doodle poll
* should also hold a mid-semester exec meeting
* potential joint events with other groups (ie Google Developers group - DSC - Developer-Student Club)
    * get more publicity for Coders that way, make connections

