# Exec Meeting Agenda, June 27th 2019

Present: Frances, Ahmed, Lina, Amin, Haidy, Elliott, James (via Hangouts), Sara
Regrets: Margot

## Action Items

- make some documentation for where things are in the U of T Coders GitHub org (i.e. different repos etc)
- at the start of every semester, email out schedule to various departments once finalized (Frances/Elliott)
    - for summer, will do now before bash lesson - could also send out before a topic series
- ask Mike about what time is best for SWC in Aug/Sept/Oct (Lina)
- Sara will do time series lesson, Frances is around to help (reproducibility, etc) and may apply for a TA slot
- check on BMO (Lina)
- low on snacks - send Amin picture of current stocks and send over so that he knows what to get (Ahmed)

## Carpentries (Lina)

- 2 in the fall last year - was quite stressful
- this year - one in Sept, and one in January
    - also have a break from Coders that week
- SWC in Fall, DC in Winter

## Peer Mentorship ideas

- have a good structure about how program would work
    - clear guide with duties for mentors - expectations, code of conduct, etc
    - is this professional mentorship? or general? or international?
- doesn't have to be one to one - mentors can specify how many mentees they're able to take on
- welcome event - based on budget - could have a pizza night or something as a kick off
    - mentees would also meet with other resources
- target - grad students/researchers

## Other notes

- SGS innovation grant - due in November (Amin/Lina)
- when more specific lessons are happening - reach out to people specifically working on that thing to help turnout

