# U of T Coders Exec Meeting Minutes, Sept 9th 2019

Present: Amin, Haidy, Ahmed, James (via Hangouts), Lina, Frances, Margot

Regrets: Sara, Elliott

- Fall 2019 schedule
    - Sept 19th at 6 pm - social at the GSU
    - 10 slots
        - Intro Python
        - Intro R
        - Intro Bash
        - Intro Git
        - Best practices for reproducible programming
        - Code review - explain how to code review, get a checklist, and then
          review each other's code
        - Python: Unit tests
        - Python: Statistics
        - Statistics in R
        - Data visualization in R
    - put up call for instructors (Ahmed)
    - could run debugging in R next semester
    - also reach out to Constant about whether she wants to run Image Processing
      again - switch out one of the intermediate ones
- Coffee and Code - *Wednesday 2-4 pm* at Grad House - we still have a gift card there
    - every other week - have a Google form for people to optionally check in
    - send out email on Monday
- Departmental email blast after schedule's decided (Frances)
    - will ask May for library contact (Frances)
- Confirmation emails (Margot)
    - will implement an added email to absolutely confirm whether instructor is showing
    - shorten email and provide a reply deadline (48 hours)
- Carpentries
    - Oct 3/4 event sold out! 6 people on waitlist
        - will send out email in advance to clear out any spaces for waitlisted people
        - coffee + snacks has been scheduled
        - Lina will get snacks the day before and organize helpers
        - will organize with instructors next week or week after to make sure everyone's one the same page
    - Frances: no longer need to blast listserv as much since there's a separate Carpentries listserv
    - Lina + Frances meeting with May: events planned for Feb till end of year
        - provided logistical advice
        - option for us to participate as instructors, but so far just providing input and advice
        - planning is mostly on them still
        - they're thinking of hiring a grad student as secretary of sort
- EEB course
    - first lecture tomorrow, first five lectures available on Quercus already
    - Sara not present, but still need to figure out Git lesson
        - Zoe or Gigi could fill
- Post-lesson survey
    - Sent out edit link - added a few ideas
- SGS innovation grant
    - Amin and Lina will take the lead
    - after draft ready, will send out for remainder of council to have a look
    - departments can also match funding if they support the idea
        - EEB, physiology, pharmacology could be good candidates
        - need to have a host department to start with and start these conversations early
        - emphasize interdisplinary audience
- Peer mentorship
    - would be good to integrate with coffee and code
    - end of November - session about choosing courses on coding-specific topics for next year? 
        - ie various paths of study etc
        - could make a resource page on our website for available courses across departments (Margot and Haidy taking lead on this)
            - Lina will help with website
        - survey to gauge interest should be ready for then
    - have a survey ready for signups for our eventual peer mentorship thing
        - promise to deliver some sort of mentorship event
        - start recruiting in January Carpentries and get mentorship underway in later January
    - next year - could also have the same course-related event in August, which is when people are enrolling

outstanding action items:
- Complete post-lesson survey in time for first lesson (Sept 26)
- SGS innovation grant (Amin and Lina)
- Create resources page on our website for programming courses across depts (Haidy + Margot + Lina)
- Put up call for instructors (Ahmed)
- Departmental email blast once schedule has been finalized (Frances) 
